Updated custom VCL documentation (#6833)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/cdn/fastly-vcl-badreferer.md

## Create a custom VCL snippet to block referrer spam

The following custom VCL snippet code (JSON format) shows the logic to check and block requests. The VCL snippet captures the host of a referrer website into a header, and then compares the host name to the list of URLs in the `referrer_blocklist` dictionary. If the host name matches, the request is blocked with a `403 Forbidden` error.

```json
{
  "name": "block_bad_referrer",
  "dynamic": "0",
  "type": "recv",
  "priority": "5",

>   "content": "set req.http.Referer-Host = regsub(req.http.Referer, "^https?://?([^:/s]+).*$", "\1"); if (table.lookup(referrer_blocklist, req.http.Referer-Host)) { error 403 "Forbidden"; }"

Reviewer: Looks like there are some formatting problems here, possibly caused by markdown literals. It may be just GitHub, but should double check the contents of the code block.

}
```

> Before creating your own snippet from this example, review the values to determine whether you need to make any changes:

Author: ```suggestion
Before creating a snippet based on this example, review the values to determine whether you need to make any changes:
```

-  `name` — Name for the VCL snippet. For this example, we used `block_bad_referrer`.

-  `dynamic` — Value 0 indicates a [regular snippet](https://docs.fastly.com/guides/vcl-snippets/using-regular-vcl-snippets) to upload to the versioned VCL for the Fastly configuration.

> -  `priority` — Determines when the VCL snippet runs. The priority  is `5` to run this snippet code before any of the default Magento VCL snippets (`magentomodule_*`) assigned a priority of 50. You must set the priority for each custom snippet higher or lower than 50 depending on when you want your snippet to run. Lower priority numbers execute first.

Author: ```suggestion
-  `priority` — Determines when the VCL snippet runs. The priority  is `5` to run this snippet code before any of the default Magento VCL snippets (`magentomodule_*`) assigned a priority of 50. You must set the priority for each custom snippet higher or lower than 50 depending on when you want your snippet to run. Snippets with lower priority numbers run first.
```

-  `type` — Specifies a location to insert the snippet in the VCL version. In this example, the VCL snippet is a `recv` snippet. When the snippet is inserted into the VCL version, it is added to the `vcl_recv` subroutine,  below the default Fastly VCL code and above any objects.

-  `content` — The snippet of VCL code to run in one line, without line breaks.

After reviewing and updating the code for your environment, use either of the following methods to add the custom VCL snippet to your Fastly service configuration:

> -  [Add the custom VCL snippet from the Magento Admin](#add-the-custom-vcl-snippet). This method is recommended if you can access the Magento Admin UI. (Requires [Fastly CDN module for Magento 2 version 1.2.58]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upgrade) or later.)

Reviewer: The version part reads very strangely, almost like you are saying "Magento 2 version 1.2....". Would it be accurate to say "Fastly version 1.2.58 for Magento 2" ??

Author: The name of the module is "Fastly CDN module for Magento 2", which is why it's phrased that way. However, I think your suggestion is clearer. (There was a Fastly module for Magento repo, which is why I attempted to use the product name that shows up in the Fastly repo.)

Reviewer: Ahh, okay. That makes sense, I figured there might be some reason for it.

Author: Now that Magento 1 is retired, I don't think it's as important, so I reworded to make it less awkward--as you suggested.

> -  [Add the custom VCL snippet from the Magento Admin](#add-the-custom-vcl-snippet). This method is recommended if you can access the Magento Admin UI. (Requires [Fastly CDN module for Magento 2 version 1.2.58]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upgrade) or later.)

Author: ```suggestion
-  [Add the custom VCL snippet from the Magento Admin](#add-the-custom-vcl-snippet). This method is recommended if you can access the Magento Admin UI. (Requires [Fastly version 1.2.58]({{site.baseurl}}/cloud/cdn/configure-fastly.html#upgrade) or later.)
```
